README.md, before:

# Making vim literate-friendly

[literate-programming]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming "Wikipedia on literate programming"

This plugin provides syntax highlighting for [literate
programming][literate-programming] in vim. Currently supported language
combinations are listed below.

Please note that the literate variants presume that your Vim already know how to
do syntax highlighting for the component languages – it merely binds them
together. So if you are missing for example a [Coffeescript][coffee] syntax
highlighting definition, the literate coffeescript won't work either.

## Supported language combinations

-   **[Literate coffeescript][litcoffee]:** [Coffeescript][coffee] inside
    [Markdown][markdown] document.

    *File names:* `*.litcoffee`, `*.coffee.md`

    *Dependecies:* Syntax highlighting for markdown (i.e.
    [tpope/vim-markdown][tpope-markdown] or
    [plasticboy/vim-markdown](https://github.com/plasticboy/vim-markdown)) and
    Coffeescript (i.e.
    [kchmck/vim-coffee-script](https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script)).

    *Notes:* This feature was originally provided by plugin hosted at
    [mintplant/vim-literate-coffeescript][mintplant-litcoffee], which was
    removed at some point. It also depended specifically on
    [tpope/vim-markdown][tpope-markdown] plugin, which prevented its use with
    alternative markdown plugins.

[litcoffee]: http://coffeescript.org/#literate
[coffee]: http://coffeescript.org
[markdown]: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

[mintplant-litcoffee]: https://github.com/mintplant/vim-literate-coffeescript
[tpope-markdown]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-markdown

# Installation

[vundle]: https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim
[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

Use your favourite vim plugin manager, such as [Vundle][vundle] or
[Pathogen][pathogen].

# License

MIT. For details, see LICENSE file.

<!-- vim:set spelllang=en: -->

Commit message:

Add Literate haskell inside markdown
- Readme capitalization changes.

README.md, after:

# Making vim literate-friendly

[literate-programming]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming "Wikipedia on literate programming"

This plugin provides syntax highlighting for [literate
programming][literate-programming] in vim. Currently supported language
combinations are listed below.

Please note that the literate variants presume that your Vim already know how to
do syntax highlighting for the component languages – it merely binds them
together. So if you are missing for example a [Coffeescript][coffee] syntax
highlighting definition, the literate Coffeescript won't work either.

## Supported language combinations

-   **[Literate coffeescript][litcoffee]:** [Coffeescript][coffee] inside
    [Markdown][markdown] document.

    *File names:* `*.litcoffee`, `*.coffee.md`

    *Dependecies:* Syntax highlighting for Markdown (i.e.
    [tpope/vim-markdown][tpope-markdown] or
    [plasticboy/vim-markdown](https://github.com/plasticboy/vim-markdown)) and
    Coffeescript (i.e.
    [kchmck/vim-coffee-script](https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script)).

    *Notes:* This feature was originally provided by plugin hosted at
    [mintplant/vim-literate-coffeescript][mintplant-litcoffee], which was
    removed at some point. It also depended specifically on
    [tpope/vim-markdown][tpope-markdown] plugin, which prevented its use with
    alternative markdown plugins.

-   **[Literate Haskell][lhaskell] in [Markdown][markdown]**

    *File names:* `*.{md,mkd,markdown}.lhs`

    *Dependencies:* Syntax highlighting for Markdown and Haskell (distributed
    with Vim itself).

    *Notes:* The literate Haskell syntax file distributed with Vim assumes that
    the surrounding document is either TeX, or free-form plain text. This syntax
    file highlights the surrounding document as markdown, without the
    relatively complicated guessing the original file does about the document
    format.

    Also note that you should not use ATX style headers (`#` before heading
    text) in the document, as the `#` is reserved character in Haskell, and ghc
    refuses to compile files with `#` at the beginning of line.

[litcoffee]: http://coffeescript.org/#literate
[coffee]: http://coffeescript.org
[markdown]: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

[mintplant-litcoffee]: https://github.com/mintplant/vim-literate-coffeescript
[tpope-markdown]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-markdown

[lhaskell]: https://wiki.haskell.org/Literate_programming "Haskell: Literate Programming"

# Installation

[vundle]: https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim
[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

Use your favourite vim plugin manager, such as [Vundle][vundle] or
[Pathogen][pathogen].

# License

MIT. For details, see LICENSE file.

<!-- vim:set spelllang=en: -->
